Now getting back to our Visual Studio Code, we are going to start writing the actual code itself.
So we have been discussing quite a lot of different details in terms of how we can work with link chain,
how we can build them, and how we can use the link chain to to build a chat bots, agents and drags.
But now it's time for us to do the testing.
I don't know why I have got two of these, so let me get rid of one of these folder.
And we also have a testing with rags and agent over here.
Okay cool.
So now we're going to start doing the testing.
So before we start doing the testing the first thing is we need to start the installation process of
the rack.
So um I'm going to write a markdown over here.
And I'm going to say uh, installing uh rack uh the ragas.
All right.
Uh, and I'm going to say this is Python.
Sorry, I don't know why this could be markdown.
There we go.
Uh, and over here I'm going to say pip install ragas.
That's all.
So this is going to install the ragas for us.
And let me try to run this particular thing over here.
And you can see that we have got our ragas installed which is great.
And I'm going to go to their documentation a bit over here.
And you can see that they have got some details over here, like how you can evaluate, uh, things
using the matrices that they have given.
So let me just copy paste this five lines of code that they have put in their GitHub page over here.
And I'm going to paste that.
And you will notice that it is now telling me that we need to have a lang chain LM wrapper with chat
OpenAI model.
Well, because we are not using chat OpenAI model in any of these, because we are using the local large
language models and we are also using local olama here.
We can't really use the chat OpenAI over here.
So what we should do is let's go back to the discussions that we had did before, which is the agent
building, as you can see over here.
So I'm going to copy some of the code from here, uh, which was to, uh, get the env file and the,
uh, declaration of the chat olama, which is the LM.
So I'm going to copy that and I'm going to add them over here, which is going to mark down, uh, I'm
going to say create LMS, uh, uh, instance uh with local LMS.
And because we have configured with our Lang Smith over here, now we can see what is really going on
with the Lang Smith as well.
So if I just go to the Lang Smith, uh, at the moment, there is nothing really, uh, doing over here.
But the moment I start running the evaluation, hopefully we can see some traces there as well.
So we are not going to use the chat.
Uh, open AI over here.
As you know, we are going to be using the, uh, chat or lama, so I'm going to copy this line of code.
Uh, maybe you don't even need that.
So I'm going to say chat or llama or maybe guess what in this, uh, lang chain elements wrapper.
All you have to do is just pass the LM, which is going to be the local large language model.
We also need this wrapper over here because this is not something that I have added so far.
So this wrapper I think it's, uh, sitting from uh ragas.
Yeah.
Dot wrapper of import.
Uh, the.
Now this is wrong ragas dot lm s yeah.
LM is import lang chain wrapper.
Uh, this is what you need to.
I think the documentation is quite wrong in that case, because they're not really covered everything
that they have to, uh, because, see, you are using this class over here, but you have not mentioned
that similarly chat OpenAI, they have mentioned but they have not really written over here, this file
line.
I don't think this is correct.
Maybe they just have to change their it's just for the advertisement purpose that they have made it.
But to be honest, it's not just file line, but it's more than that.
Cool.
Now we have got all these things over here.
So we have got the Lang chain wrapper, uh, for lm, where I'm parsing our local LM over here.
And now we're going to run this code and see what's really going to happen.
And look at that.
The score this time is one.
So while we say score is one, which means we are really saying that the LM is really matching the,
uh, the actual response.
So the user input and the response is actually matching based on the large language models that we are
passing in.
So let's go and see if the Lang Smith has got any detail over there.
And you can see that we have got it.
So there is an um summary accuracy.
So this is a singleton aspect critic prompt.
You can see over here.
And it gives us a um a response for us over there.
So the human is asking this question, uh, over here.
And now the output is this particular value.
So the human asks for this question and the response is pretty close to what they are expecting.
That's the reason why the verdict is one, which means it's correct.
So this is how we can see that we could able to evaluate this particular answer and this kind of testing
in ragas.
They call it a singleton sample.
The reason why this is called a singleton sample is because the evaluation has got only single turn
interaction, which is this one.
There is only one interaction here.
So there is one user input and one response.
And that's why it is called a singleton sample.
If you have multiple user input and multiple responses, and you're going to be verifying how the interactions
is really happening with your local large language model, then they are called as multi-turn samples.
So you can just see that there is something called as multi-turn samples.
So you can pass that.
And then you can verify if the Multi-turn sample is also working in that particular fashion.
So this is how you can actually verify the different different things within your large language models
with ragas.
And I hope you got the idea of the first test with the ragas over here with your local large language
model.